I've started using infloso app for a while now and I found it to be really interesting and a fun app to have a social media impact and gives a lot of opportunities for one to connect with brands and improve their social media presence.
Worst application. It doesn't let me connect my Instagram neither my YouTube. Nothing works.
I have an Instagram family of close to 70K followers still your can't find me there? How do I connect my Instagram?
Bahut hi vdiya app hai chote mote creator ko bi collaborate krne ka moka deta hai aur earn krne ka jisse jo new creator influencer hai mere jaise unko moka milta hai aur ummed jagti hai but followers target thoda kam hota to aur jada better hota aur jo male creator hai usko female creator wale bi collars show hote hai bi nhi hone chahye jab gender dal hi rhe hai to jo bo apply kar skta hai whi show kre usko sort krke
YouTube username. hey I'm unable to add my YouTube username.when ever i add it's telling wrong.plz tell me how to add YouTube username and where I can find.
I have been applying for so many Collabs And not even a single reply Neither the app is that gud to use like it's very basic.. no help centre.. no way to get info on the applications.. no progress shown.. just a big waste app I feel 🥱
In playstore the app says no minimum followers needed for collab but when I download and open in search of collaboration it says I need atleast 5k followers for collaborations this is ridiculous
I am brand owner but showing this app is for influencer only what should I do
Mu YouTube channel is not connecting. I tried so many times, but it said this username couldn't found. please help me.
Very good experience from infloso app
Vary bad apps
I have applied for collab so many campaign, but didn't get a single collab from it. It's been 5 months, none of them accept me
Facing a 109error
I am trying to login but I am not able to login even though the password and email are all correct. but still I am not able to login. this app have so much glitches. please fix the bugs of this app.
At first my instagram was not connecting...so I deleted that account...and now I can't even creat an account
I'm not even able to connect my account to Instagram this application is showing error.not a good app
Not able to connect my instagram account.
It is a very good app and easier to find collabs, all at one place as per your choice.
there is various technical issues & errors. please solves ASAP.
1 star because I'm not able to login
A big platform to grow big if u re a small creator and if u want to get more campaign this app is very useful..i personally loved it
Woww what a stupid app. I have more than 80K followers on my Instagram. I saw this add and thought to download this app but wait a minute what I found, all the positive reviews are fake lol . How can you just buy reviews? Oh gosh. What a nonsense way to fool people. It's definitely a scam . I would post on my social media to aware people about this app. Hahha scammers .
Unable to create an account After so many attempts
Unable to login, don't know how it's working
Infloso is a mind blowing app I have used this app for few months and I am very satisfied with it .
This app shows only for influencer, so can a brand find influencer according to there business 🤦
I registered through this app, but it is not what I was expecting. My requests for collaboration are left pending for more than a few months!!!
This app is such an amazing one! I think every influencer should have this app! 10/10 ❤️💕
Best app I ever seen in my life, and they provide best campaigns to influencer, as I'm influencer I like there service and customer support you guys must try this app.
As a creator, I'm sharing my personal experience working with Infloso. You can apply for campaigns directly from the app, and payment is made on time. I'm very happy to work with Infloso.
Not good enough...
Best app I love this app 🌹🌹🌹
It does not include south Africans.
This app is very nice and useful I first installed this app and made an account then I have linked my ig account to this app and start earning by approving in lot of branded contents
Firstly the user interface is easy to use. It's been a months I've using app and I can't express how much it has inhanced my productivity.
Veryyyy bad app ever seen I can't even login with brand account when it's influence app then why u have brand options and later is says that only for influencer totally nonsense u should close the appp!!!!!!!! Very disappointment
Un able to connect the YouTube account
Poor user experience. I'm a software developer and being professional this app has the worst UX I've ever experienced. In profile section when i try to connect instagram, it get connected. But my username is same in all my social accounts and when i try to add another account (twitter,linkedin,youtube,etc..) with the same username then its reflecting back my previously added Instagram account showing its already connected. Seriously, this is the production level release you guys made for public?
Good
My journey starts with infloso in first campaign...when I finish this campaign then I put my video about this app. abhi tak koi campaign nahi kiya hai..only 1 campaign apply Kiya hai...but abhi tak under process chal raha hai..
Bakwas!! Koi deal done nhi hoti isme
Very nice application ☺️. Helpful app
This app is very much helpful for creators who have less followers .
Wrost app for creators , I have applied to campaign since months and not received a single message from there side .
this app is very well working I do many collab with the help of infloso app😍
Infloso app not 🚫 reply promotion application
App crash in logging
Issue with dob fill. In date of birth year drop-down coming country list
I've been using Infloso for a while now, and I can't express how much it has transformed my productivity. This app is a game-changer!Firstly, the user interface is clean and intuitive. Navigating through tasks, projects, and calendars is a breeze. The app's design encourages focus and efficiency.The task management features are top-notch. I love how I can easily create, prioritize, and track tasks across various projects. The ability to set deadlines and receive reminders has been a lifesaver.
My experience is very good... ye bht aacha aap h or products bi bht aache h ...
Instagram account doesn't connect to infloso at all
Perfect app for influencer. Very simple , easy to use, I love it
It's been months that I've this app on my phone but till now I've not received a single collaboration from this app inspite of fulfilling the eligibility criteria and having a good number of audience on my Instagram. I've been applying for almost all the campaigns from past few months but still no luck. Worst app ever, total waste of time!!!!
Infloso is a very good and helpful app for new influencers . It's helps us with new brands for collaboration.
A perfect platform for all the micro influencers& its so helpfull. Although its a good experience with infloso💓 and I am so satisfied with this app. thanks infloso☺
Its awesome app
I've applied to all campaigns, wherever the eligibility criteria was fulfilled, but not one campaign reverted back, moreover the support system is the worst,i can contact no person through any means, will definitely not recommend anyone about this app Wasted my time and finally They ask you to write a good review everywhere and then they pay you after months and when finally you get paid 80 rupees you are not able to transfer it to your account. Worst app ever doesn't deserve a single star 👎🏻
To everyone out there thinking about installing this app. There is a fake statement about this app, it says even profiles with zero followers can apply for the campaign but after downloading the app and wasting my data over it. I found they require 5000 followers to apply for any of the campaign. Beware everyone
Infloso is an exceptional paid barter collaboration app that has revolutionized my content creation journey. As a content creator, the platform's innovative features and user-friendly interface have empowered me to effortlessly connect and collaborate with brands and other creators. Through Infloso, I have not only been able to monetize my content effectively but also expand my reach and grow my audience, making it an invaluable tool for any aspiring content creator.
Waste of time and Wrost app I don't get any collaboration with app frm last 2 month. Even app does not work properly. Wrost app.
didn't receive any collaboration and the app has issues with connecting my YouTube. I read some reviews and a lot of other people are facing the same issue.
Totally Wrost Application, full of Time Waste, they didn't reply any of your query and msgs, they didn't any campaign Approval, totally Time Waste
Nonsense useless app. Can't connect to any social media accounts. Ehen I try to connect it always show error or user not found. Plz work on your programming.I think there is an error in your programming.
Great app for beginners influencer ❤️
Bekar app h 1 month se uper hogya h but ek bhi collaboration nhi mila, mene bahut Sara aply kr dya but 1 bhi collaboration Mila 😡😂
It's help alot
Support system is pathetic never help I am eligible the collab they will not respond plz solve it my humble request to you 🙏
Infloso is a great application 👍 this app provide us branded products ❤️ peoples see the video of product for better results 😊 the influencers of this application show the product quality in detail the workers of this app work fastly for you and they do a great job 👍 infloso app team is dedicated to providing a great service, ensuring that your service run smoothly this is highly important for brands that our running somthing related to selling products online the more they are socialy conect
great platform for all content freaks out there!
Hey I am not able to make account here, whenever I tried to create an account over here, it not shown next process, still place on same craeting account page
Perfect app for micro influencers who are searching for collaborations!
This very useful application for influencer's and brand company. It's very helps to contact influencer and company.
Applied for collabs but my approval is still pending from weeks...I don't how u guys work...not getting any response,still on hold for the approval Not gonna work I guess...of nt thn I should uninstall this app.
Please ask your brand's to reply fast and do update your app with the enrollment of more brands...and I am not able to connect YouTube on your app.
.nice app lots of campaigns do check out
Trying to update my profile after loging in... But as soon as i login and click on profile button it gets logged out... Have tried uninstalling the app and then start the process fresh but made no sense...please fix this
Nice
Love this app
Bad app. No respond on collaborations, it only shows collaborations but there is no response from them. Didn't recieved a single collab from past 3 months.
It has user-friendly interface. It offers influencers to collaborate with top-notch brands. A Game-Changer for Influencer-Brand Collaboration! It offers a unique concept and provides an engaging user experience. Infloso made it easy to connect with other businesses and collabrate on projects which will benefit us.
It is the best app for starting your career as an influencer 👍 The most trustworthy and easy to handle. Great experience.
Nooo!!!..my followers count is not increasing on your aap even after sync ... updating the aap...after doing sign in nd sign out also nothing happened....and yaaa not even received a one Collab also
Bestest app i ever used, giving lots of collabs n very easy to used n i really loved it, thank you so much infloso💜💜and very useful for the content creators .easy to download the app from the link in their bio and easy to sign up and create profile and create content and get paid in our bank account.
Nice provide all type sasponser ship
No matter how many times i try to connect my IG it always show 106 error
Need to improve app because the followers not updating in infloso they are showing the same count of followers when i created account.
The brand manager doesn't gives the approval it's a fake app I guess
Best app for barter and paid collaboration, Best team support, very helpful team
It is a helpful app for Influencers and creators to grow and collaborate This app helps creators in growing and getting wonderful collaborations, in giving tips and tricks regarding the content and how to work, etc.
This app is best
Very helpful yess I recommend it to my family members
Wow , it is a great app for the influencer who want to do collaboration , this app gives everyone chance to experience a brand collaboration... It's very easy to use and I want to say every influencer must have to use this app.. thanku
No respond from any collaboration I
Wasted my time... 2 months and not even a single Collab. I also raised an issue that I'm having trouble in connecting my Youtube to the app.. they asked me to send them a message on their Instagram.. I did but they did nothing about my issue.. they read and left the message like that.
My followers count has not been updated for a month.
This is good for creater
Not much usefull for most of creators and the app ask for review itself with five star rating, so most of the reviews are fake.
BEST APP EVER , VERY NICE PLATFORM , LOTS OF COLLABORATION APPORTUNITIES
Hii You're is reading this i really want to revel the truth about INFLOSO. It's an amazing application of this generation. And I have been using this app from 4-5 months and I had a really good time with them. It has provided me with paid and Bater collaboration opportunities. And it's one of the best platforms for Creators.
Best influencer app
